feat(DEW): add a resource to manage kms alias (#6806)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/kms_alias.md

---
subcategory: "Data Encryption Workshop (DEW)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_kms_alias"

> description: ""

Reviewer: add description

---

# huaweicloud_kms_alias

Manages an KMS alias resource within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```HCL
variable "key_id" {}
variable "alias" {}

> resource "huaweicloud_kms_alias" "test" {
>   key_id             = var.key_id
>   alias              = var.alias
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource "huaweicloud_kms_alias" "test" {
  key_id = var.key_id
  alias  = var.alias
}
```

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

> * `key_id` - (Required, String) Specifies the key ID used to bind the alias, it cannot be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `key_id` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the key ID used to bind the alias.
```

> * `alias` - (Required, String) Specifies the alias of the key, It can only be prefixed with "alias\" and cannot be updated.

Reviewer: ditto

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

> 

Reviewer: missing id attribute

* `alias_urn` - The alias resource locator.

* `create_time` - The creation time of the alias.

* `update_time` - The update time of the alias.

## Import

> The KMS alias can be imported using `key_id` and `alias`.

Reviewer: Please refer to the import format instructions for other resources

---
subcategory: "Data Encryption Workshop (DEW)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_kms_alias"
description: |-
  Manages a KMS alias resource within HuaweiCloud
---

# huaweicloud_kms_alias

Manages a KMS alias resource within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "key_id" {}
variable "alias" {}

resource "huaweicloud_kms_alias" "test" {
  key_id = var.key_id
  alias  = var.alias
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `key_id` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the key ID used to bind the alias.

> * `alias` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the alias of the key, It can only be prefixed with "alias/".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `alias` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the alias of the key, it can only be prefixed with **alias/**.
```

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `alias_urn` - The alias resource locator.

* `create_time` - The creation time of the alias.

* `update_time` - The update time of the alias.

> * `id` - The resource ID (also `key_id`?`alias`).

Reviewer: `id` should be placed first in the attribute field

> * `id` - The resource ID (also `key_id`?`alias`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `id` - The resource ID, the format is **key_id?alias**.
```
